Update docs in prep for 1.6.1 (#133)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-java: README.md

### Required Prerequisites
To use this SDK you must have:

* **A Java 8 or newer development environment**

  If you do not have one, we recommend [Amazon Corretto](https://aws.amazon.com/corretto/).

  **Note:** If you use the Oracle JDK, you must also download and install the [Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jce8-download-2133166.html).

* **Bouncy Castle** or **Bouncy Castle FIPS**

>   Bouncy Castle provides some utilities the AWS Encryption SDK needs to handle cryptographic objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the AWS Encryption SDK for Java no longer depends on Bouncy Castle for cryptography, it requires Bouncy Castle for other tasks, such as handling cryptographic objects.```

  If you do not have Bouncy Castle, go to https://bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html, then download the provider file that corresponds to your JDK.
  Or, you can pick it up from Maven (groupId: `org.bouncycastle`, artifactId: `bcprov-ext-jdk15on`).

>   As of version 1.6.1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Beginning in version 1.6.1,
```

>   the AWS Encryption SDK will also work with Bouncy Castle FIPS (groupId: `org.bouncycastle`, artifactId: `bc-fips`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the AWS Encryption SDK also works with Bouncy Castle FIPS (groupId: `org.bouncycastle`, artifactId: `bc-fips`).
```

>   the AWS Encryption SDK will also work with Bouncy Castle FIPS (groupId: `org.bouncycastle`, artifactId: `bcprov-ext-jdk15on`).

Reviewer 2: wrong groupID/artifactId

Author: Fixed

  Please follow Bouncy Castle's FIPS [documentation](https://www.bouncycastle.org/documentation.html),

>   including User Guides and Security Policy for proper installation and configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For help installing and configuring Bouncy Castle FIPS, see Bouncy Castle's [BC FIPS Documentation](https://www.bouncycastle.org/documentation.html),
  including the User Guides and Security Policy.
```

Reviewer: I moved the end of the sentence to the beginning, so we can remove the end ("for proper installation and configuration"). Otherwise, it's redundant. If you want the "proper" in there, put it in the opening clause.

### Required Prerequisites
To use this SDK you must have:

* **A Java 8 or newer development environment**

  If you do not have one, we recommend [Amazon Corretto](https://aws.amazon.com/corretto/).

  **Note:** If you use the Oracle JDK, you must also download and install the [Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jce8-download-2133166.html).

* **Bouncy Castle** or **Bouncy Castle FIPS**

>   The AWS Encryption SDK for Java uses Bouncy Castle for serializing and deserializing cryptographic objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The AWS Encryption SDK for Java uses Bouncy Castle to serialize and deserialize cryptographic objects.
```

>   It does not explicitly use Bouncy Castle (or any other [JCA Provider](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/security/Provider.html)) for the underlying cryptography.

Reviewer: "explicitly use?" Do we use anything implicitly? Or: It does not require Bouncy Castle (or ...).

Author: We do not specify the provider and thus receive the highest priority implementation from the JCA. We could explicitly request a provider (or explicitly use provider specific classes), in which case only that explicit provider could/would be used.

We don't know (or care) which provider we are using any more. It might be Bouncy Castle (if our callers have configured that to be the default), it might by the SUN provider (from Java), it might be ACCP.

>   Instead, it uses the platform default, which may be configured or overridden as documented in the

Reviewer: The developer using the library is the actor here, right?

"Instead, it uses the platform default, which you can configure or override as documented in the..."

Author: Yup. Can change this.

* **To download and install the AWS SDK for Java**, go to [Installing the AWS SDK for Java](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSdkDocsJava/latest/DeveloperGuide/java-dg-install-sdk.html) in the AWS SDK for Java documentation and then follow the instructions on that page.

#### Amazon Corretto Crypto Provider
Many users find that the Amazon Corretto Crypto Provider (ACCP) significantly improves the performance of the AWS Encryption SDK.

> Please see the [ACCP GitHub Respository](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider) for installation and use guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For help with installation and using ACCP, see the [ACCP GitHub Respository](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider) .
```
(Always put the goal before the instruction.)

* **To download and install the AWS SDK for Java**, go to [Installing the AWS SDK for Java](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSdkDocsJava/latest/DeveloperGuide/java-dg-install-sdk.html) in the AWS SDK for Java documentation and then follow the instructions on that page.

#### Amazon Corretto Crypto Provider
Many users find that the Amazon Corretto Crypto Provider (ACCP) significantly improves the performance of the AWS Encryption SDK.

> For help with installation and using ACCP, see the [ACCP GitHub Respository](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For help installing and using ACCP, see the [ACCP GitHub Respository](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider) .
```
